feat: add dev.vencord.Vesktop (#4749)
flathub/flathub: README.md

# Vesktop Flatpak

<!-- This flatpak is based on xyz.armcord.ArmCord @ https://github.com/flathub/xyz.armcord.ArmCord -->

This is the flatpak for Vesktop.

## Tray icons

This flatpak has the appropriate permissions for tray icons out of the box; however, GNOME does not provide native tray icons support out of the box, due to the current specification being *horribly* outdated and not being sandbox-friendly.

The extension that should be used to obtain tray icons is [appindicator-support](https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/615/appindicator-support/). Enable this extension and disable any other alternatives and tray icons will function as expected.

## Discord Rich Presence
### Native applications

> A solution that works short-term is to run `ln -sf $XDG_RUNTIME_DIR/{.flatpak/xyz.armcord.ArmCord/xdg-run,}/discord-ipc-0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A solution that works short-term is to run `ln -sf $XDG_RUNTIME_DIR/{.flatpak/dev.vencord.Vesktop/xdg-run,}/discord-ipc-0`.
```

For something longer lasting, run the following:

```sh
mkdir -p ~/.config/user-tmpfiles.d

> echo 'L %t/discord-ipc-0 - - - - .flatpak/xyz.armcord.ArmCord/xdg-run/discord-ipc-0' > ~/.config/user-tmpfiles.d/discord-rpc.conf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
echo 'L %t/discord-ipc-0 - - - - .flatpak/dev.vencord.Vesktop/xdg-run/discord-ipc-0' > ~/.config/user-tmpfiles.d/discord-rpc.conf
```

systemctl --user enable --now systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service
```
Now, native applications will be able to use Rich Presence on every system start.

### Flatpak applications
<!-- TAKEN FROM https://github.com/flathub/com.discordapp.Discord/wiki/Rich-Precense-(discord-rpc) -->

Flatpak applications need certain changes inside of the flatpak environment to connect properly:

> 1. Permission to access `$XDG_RUNTIME_DIR/.flatpak/xyz.armcord.ArmCord/`
> 2. A symlink at `$XDG_RUNTIME_DIR/discord-ipc-0` pointing to `$XDG_RUNTIME_DIR/.flatpak/xyz.armcord.ArmCord/xdg-run/discord-ipc-0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Permission to access `$XDG_RUNTIME_DIR/.flatpak/dev.vencord.Vesktop/`
2. A symlink at `$XDG_RUNTIME_DIR/discord-ipc-0` pointing to `$XDG_RUNTIME_DIR/.flatpak/dev.vencord.Vesktop/xdg-run/discord-ipc-0`
```

Suggested changes to accomplish these needs :

> 1. Add `--filesystem=xdg-run/.flatpak/com.xyz.armcord.ArmCord:create` and `--filesystem=xdg-run/discord-ipc-*` to the global Flatpak permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add `--filesystem=xdg-run/.flatpak/dev.vencord.Vesktop:create` and `--filesystem=xdg-run/discord-ipc-*` to the global Flatpak permissions
```

# Vesktop Flatpak

<!-- This flatpak is based on xyz.armcord.ArmCord @ https://github.com/flathub/xyz.armcord.ArmCord -->

This is the flatpak for Vesktop. Due to sandbox limitations, it might not function as expected, so some ways to get it working are detailed below:

## Tray icons

> This flatpak has the appropriate permissions for tray icons out of the box; however, GNOME does not provide native tray icons support out of the box, due to the current specification being _horribly_ outdated and not being sandbox-friendly.

Reviewer 2: this user documentation will be seen by no one.

Reviewer 3: that's ok. we will also inform users about it on our website/faq. i don't think having this in the application description makes much sense
